 <SONGSTART> It's New Year's Day in New Orleans
And I'm walking to the river with the girl of my dreams
And we're walking, I have thoughts I'm not sure others have
Like how the most underrated actor in the world is Steve Railsback
Who played Manson in Helter Skelter and who played Ed Gein
He's been in a few Rob Zombie films too, I'm pretty sure, I think
Yesterday, we were hanging 'round the swamp and I was thinking about the new year and what I'm gonna do
And I thought about the MOVIE Southern Comfort with Keith Carradine, Fred Ward, Peter Coyote, and Powers Boothe
And the slide guitar soundtrack of Ry Cooder
And how Powers Boothe could've played Vincent Bugliosi in the MOVIE Helter Skelter, Manson's famous prosecutor
I could've pursued acting or maybe been one of those soundtrack guys
But I'm a songwriter, I write songs in my car until the day I die
I write songs that make people laugh, cry, happy
And songs that make grown man shit their pants like little fucking babies
Songs about lazy little cats sleeping on nice, warm porches
'Bout pitbulls howling in cages in police stations while the cops process the pimp dog owner
The first chapter of a book about Maurice Ravel
He's born a few years after my home was built and that's put me in a spell
Thinking about Marx, Freud, and Einstein in the late 19th century
I'll start those off in the afternoon because we were feeling pretty sleepy
From all of that good rich Southern food that we ate
Toasted grit salmon, creme fraiche, and mala shrimp, and fried catfish plates
Last night, we watched fireworks along the Mississippi
I got a call from my friend in Tennessee, it was her grandmother's 97th birthday
She's the closest thing to a grandmother that I've ever had
She makes oyster stuffing every Thanksgiving
But the last time that I had it, I was sleeping in her basement in 1990 reading Riders on the Storm
I was obsessed with the Doors
But didn't care for the perspective of John Densmore
This past Christmas Day, my dad's friend Dan Engelberg died
In a hospital bed at the age of 99
Weeks away from turning 100
The Saturday before, he talked to my dad and said he was ready to go, that he loved my dad and that he was one of the best friends he's ever had
I called my dad Christmas night, he was quiet and said it hadn't quite hit him yet
I talked to my friend last night
She was at home with the shingles
All alone on New Years' Eve
Someone else was watching her children
She's not well enough to handle them by herself these days
She's tuning out watching True Detective on DVD
And right now, me and my girl are gonna go find a place to eat
Try to dodge the drunken fans of the Ohio and Alabama college football teams
Playing at the Superdome right now as I write
It's hard getting out of this big, soft bed tonight
Just back from Saint Charles Tavern where they're blasting the game
She had bread pudding and I had chocolate chip pancakes
She was talking about adopting a dog or a cat
I keep talking about which guitars I'm gonna bring to Japan
When I finally go to sleep, I hope to have a nice dream
About my old kitty cat sniffing at the Christmas tree
Not a nightmare where I'm lost in a Malaysian sea
Snakehead fishes tearing me apart with their nasty teeth
You never know if it's gonna be a good or a bad dream
But nothing beats falling asleep to the sound of the streetcar in New Orleans
And I dreamed that it was 1978
I lived in Central City and it was a warm autumn day
And me and my friends would see Ali/Spinks 2 at the dome
Walked back to someone's house, so excited about the fight of the decade in New Orleans
And we laughed all night on the muggy front porch 'til the sun came up
The dream cut to the back bedroom of a shotgun style house
I was looking around the room and the walls were purple and GOLD
The radio was on, it was January 2nd, I picked up a guitar that I bought at a pawn shop
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> I woke up this morning, August, 3rd
It's been a pretty slow and uneventful summer
Went to visit a friend in Santa Fe
Went to New Orleans and went to see my family
Woke up this morning and it occurred
I needed one more track to finish up the record
I was feeling out of fuel and uninspired
Laid in my bed too long, A little down, a little tired
Met my girl and we walked down Union Street
I was scared and my head was in a bunch of places
Bought a 350 dollar pair of lampshades
And we ate at Perry's and we ordered crab cakes
Blue crab cakes, blue crab cakes
Blue crab cakes
She said I seemed distracted and asked what's going on with me
I said I can't explain it, it's a middle age thing
She said ok and ate her eggs Benedict
And I looked at the walls cluttered with sports bar shit
Sports bar shit, sports bar shit
Sports bar shit
Got on the phone and I called my mother
And called my father, talked a little bit with my sister
She's got a new boyfriend, he's a deer hunter
And she's getting used to venison
And my dad's still fighting with his girlfriend
About him flirting with them girls at Panera Bread
My momma's good but she sounded out of breath
I worry so much about her, I worry to death
I worry to death, I worry about her to death
I worry to death
The other night I went and saw The Postal Service
Ben's my friend but getting there was the worst
Tryna park and getting up the hill
And find a spot amongst the drunk kids staring at their cells
Staring at the back at the crowd 8000
Thought of Ben when I met him, in 2000
At a festival in Spain, he was on a small stage then
And I didn't know his name
Now he's singing at the Greek and he's busting moves
And my legs were hurt and then my feet were, too
Called him after the set, said I'll skip the backstage high five
Thanks for the nice music and all the exercise
And we laughed and it was alright, and we laughed and it was alright
It was alright
There's a thin line between a middle-aged guy with a backstage pass
And a guy with a gut hangin' around like a jackass
Everybody was 20 years younger than me
At least I leave with this as my fondest memory:
I carried my legs back down the hill
Gave my backstage pass to two cute Asian girls
I drove to my place near Tahoe
Got in my hot tub and thought well that's helpful
It was quiet and I was listening to the crickets
And Ben's still out there, selling lots of tickets
And though I'm tentative there's attention better than this
But Ben's my friend and I know he gets it
Then in a couple of days my meltdown passed
Back to the studio doing 12 hours shifts
Singing a song about one thing or another
Another day behind the microphone this summer
This tenderloin summer, this tenderloin summer
This tenderloin summer
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Damn if I didn't just go walking and find some horses
A man-made lake and some trees
Came back to my room all covered in sweat
Here at the Swiss Waldhaus Hotel
Filled out an application for a work visa
For Japan and Australia
It's been a few weeks since I've left home
And I feel out of place
And out of my element
I work from 7 at night
Until 5 AM when the AD says "Wrap"
And a runner named Fabio flashlights me back to my hotel before the sun comes up
Then I get in my bed and talk with my girl on the phone to the birds chirping
How the hell did I end up playing myself in an Italian film
Set in a ski town in Switzerland?
Damn if I didn't just go walk in the yard, so alone on [?]
I felt like Jimmy Page walking the mountains out behind Aleister Crowley's house
It was too dark, and it got so cold
That I turned back around
Came back to my room, read Graham Nash's Wild Tales
Til I fell asleep to the sound
The sound of the birds
The birds of Flims
Yeah I've asked around
But nobody knows the names of 'em
Of the birds
The birds of Flims
Yeah I've asked around
But nobody knows the names of 'em
Damn if I didn't just go walking down the road
When a girl named Veronica stopped me
She said she was from Milan and that she recognized me from the film
And that today was her birthday
We talked a little bit
But there was a barrier
And she went one way and I went the other
And I walked along the dandelions and down to market
Where I bought her some flowers
On the way back to my hotel
I left them in the lobby of hers, with a note
"Veronica, happy birthday - Mark"
And when I saw her again on the set
She said "Grazie", and I could tell the gesture
Had touched her heart
Damn if I didn't go to dinner last night with Paul
But his throat was sore
And I could see that he was feeling ill
He spends more time on the set than I do
And it's cold out there
And the last two days, he was playing Hitler
I could see he was grappling with that
And I felt bad, and I gave him some words of support
And we talked about John Hughes movies, home ownership
And the cost of living in San Francisco and New York
And damn if I didn't go out later with a set dresser or something like that
Name said "Brianna"
We talked for four hours at a bar down the street
And the music was terrible
But yeah, I liked her, kinda
She's been with someone for four or five years
And I kinda figured that anyhow, and told her "Well, so have I"
And that made life easier for both of us
And I walked her drunk ass back to her room
And like a gentleman, I didn't try
And I went to my room
I looked down at the waterfront
From my balcony I felt
The surrealness of my surroundings
I got in my bed
Looked up at the baby blue ceilings above
And thought of my home
And my girl
And I ached for her love
Damn when it all ended
If I didn't have them fly me out
To New Orleans
Where I saw kitty cats sleeping on porches
And drank real iced tea for the first time in six to eight weeks
It was nice not having to walk down that awkward path again
And not to have to yell [?]
About eating pasta pomodoro for the 38th time in a month
If its price [?] was 60 Swiss fuckin' francs
Damn if I didn't go walking the next afternoon
Down Oretha Castle
I ate a catfish lunch at Cafe Reconcile
With a side of macaroni and cheese
And cornbread and collard greens
Saw it advertised on channel 99
The public access channel
And I walked across the street to a gym
And I watched two fighters spar
And I talked to them during their break
While they sipped on their Snapple
And I thought, what is life if not a fight?
Or a test of will and grace
Some would match it by throwing bombs like Mike Tyson
But some, like Pernell, are slippery [?]
Some are fearless like Gatti
But like Henry Akinwande
Some of them buckle and stall
When the going gets tough, with much due respect
Some of them break down and cry
Like Oliver "The Atomic Bomb" McCall
Life's a chess game for all of us
Hit, don't be hit, jab and hook and feint and bob and weave
When the fighters got back in the ring
I thought of my own fight in life
And it was time to be leaving
And damn if I didn't go to the airport
And fly up to Cleveland, Ohio
I had dinner at Sylvester's in North Canton with my girlfriend and her friends
And for the first time in a while
I was surrounded by genuine smiles (beautiful smiles)
There at the table with all of them, I felt content
And grounded and rooted again
And was dropped off to face the hardships
Of a single mom who happens to be one of my closest and dearest friends
Fell asleep in her spare room to the sound of crop dusters
And cars on the highway
Back to my roots where unconditional love
Rules over everything
And I could no longer hear the birds of Flims
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Oh Carissa, when I first saw you, you were a lovely child.
And the last time I saw you, you were fifteen and pregnant and running wild.
I remember wondering, could there be a light at the end of your tunnel?
But I left Ohio then and pretty much forgotten all about you.
I guess you were there some years ago at a family funeral.
But you were one of so many relatives I didn't know which one was you.
Yesterday morning I woke up to so many, 330 area code calls.
I called my mom back and she was in tears and asked how to spoke to my father.
Carissa burned to death last night in a freak accident fire.
In her yard in Bruster her daughter came home from a party and found her.
Same way as my uncle who was her grandfather.
An aerosol can blew up in the trash, goddamn, what were the odds?
She was just getting ready to go to her midnight shift as an RN is Rosworth.
And she vanished up in flames like that but there had to be more to her life's worth.
Everyone's grieving out of their minds, making arrangements and taking drugs.
But I'm flying out there tomorrow because I need to give and get some hugs.
Cause I got questions that I'd like to get answered.
I may never get them, but Carissa gotta know how did it happen.
Carissa was thirty-five, you don't just raise two kids and take out your trash and die.
She was my second cousin, I didn't know her well at all but it doesn't mean that I wasn't meant to find some poetry to make some sense of this, to find a deeper meaning.
In a senseless tragedy, oh Carissa I'll sing your name across every sea.
Were you doing someone else's chores for them?
Were you just killing time, finding things to do all by your lonesome?
Was it even you mistakenly put flammables in the trash.
Was it your kids just being kids, and so, oh, the guilt they will carry around forever.
Well I'm going out there to get a look at the landscapes, to get a look at those I'm connected by blood and see how it all may have shaped me.
Well I'm going out there though I'm not really needed.
I'm just so broken up about it, how is it that this sad history repeated?
I'll return to Ohio, to the place I was born.
Gonna see where I hung with my cousins and played with them in the snow.
Fist in their palms, gonna see how they've grown.
Visit some greats and say hey I've missed you.
Gonna find out as much as I can about my second little cousin Carissa.
Gonna go to Ohio, where I was born.
Got a 10: 45 am flight, I'm leaving tomorrow morning.
Gonna see my aunts and my uncles, my parents and sisters.
Mostly I'm going to pay my respects to my little second cousin Carissa.
Going to Ohio where I feel I belong.
Ask those who know the most about Carissa for it her life and death that I'm helplessly drawn.
Carissa was thirty-five, raised kids since she was fifteen years old and suddenly died.
Next to an old river, fire pit, oh there's gotta be more than that to it.
She was only my second cousin but it don't mean that I'm not here for her or that I wasn't meant to give her life poetry, make sure her name is known across every city.
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Sorry that
I could never love you back
I could never care enough
In these last days
Her tears
Fell on her pages found me out
On her words I dont know what
To do or say
Wading through
Warm canals and pools clear blue
The Tuscarawas flows into
The prairie land
Riding back
To where the highway met
Dead end tracks
The ground is now cement and glass
And far away
Heal her soul, carry her, my angel, ohio
Lingering in
What about the sweetness we knew
What about what's good what's true
From those days
Can't count to
All the lovers I've burned through
So why do I still burn for you
I cannot say
Sorry that
I could never love you back
I could never care enough in these last days
Heal her soul, carry her, my angel, ohio
Children blush
And gather round the home she rests
So poor and gold with their midwest
Moon and sun
Flashes bringing on
My open eyes the lightning storm
The tortured mist felt soft, felt warm
On my face
Craving dreams
A million miles ago you see
And the star that I just dont see
Anymore
Words long gone
Lost on journeys we walked on
Lost are voices heard along the way
Sorry for
Never going by your door
Never feeling love like that
Anymore
Heal her soul, carry her, my angel, ohio
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Went to see a band tonight
And they wouldn't play my favorite tunes
It's 2012 but I like the ones from 1992
There was no place to sit
And goddamn it I couldn't use my phone
And fuck if the singer didn't joke
That we all looked like cookie-cutter clones
And they played too long
And I didn't like his new words
About guys in tennis shoes
And moderately talented yet attractive young girls
When I get home
I tell you just what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna cry me a river
Williamsburg Sleeve Tattoo Blues
Cry me a river Williamsburg sleeve tattoo blues Gonna tell you a little story here because, well, what the heck
About a guy named Billy
Who was born with a birth defect
Was in a wheelchair by the time that he was 36
He was hunchbacked and his feet and his hands were green
And all turned in
One day the candy stripers were taking him
Out of his bed
And they dropped him by accident
Within five minutes
He was pronounced dead
I used to visit him with my father
When I was a child
I never saw Billy once when he didn't have
The happiest smile
I'll tell you another story here because, you know, well, what the fuck
About a winter's day I was in Tennessee
And my friend was out fixing his truck
The next door neighbor kid was in the woods
When a hunter mistook him as a buck
He was shot in the heart
And that was the end of his short run of luck
He was 10 years old
And he never got a chance to fuck
Or to play guitar
Or get a tattoo
Or dwell on the internet and run amok
His mother was shattered
Like a clay disc
Or a ceramic duck
While the rest of the world was watching MTV
And hating [?]
I'll tell you another story here about a tough Colombian kid
Named Jimmy
Who sadly only lived to be the young age of 23
He held the featherweight title back in 1995
Til he stepped in the ring with Rafael Ruelas' older brother Gabe
And he died
He had the heart of a lion
Was outclassed and dropped in round 11
And two weeks later he found himself
In [?] heaven
Jimmy Garcia's mother lost her young son
But in time she found forgiveness
And put her arms around the other mother and father's son
Told Gabriel to get back out there
Put up his fists and get in that ring
And that in him, she would always see
Her beloved son Jimmy
You go quack quack quack quack
Quack quack quack
Like a little rubber duck
Like a pathetic whiny sad little child hater boy fuck
Go in on your analyst
Little petty bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch
Be glad you're not a motherfucker sleeping in the ditch
Sleeping in the streets
Sleep in your own vomit
Sleep in your own piss
Sleep in a pile of pigeon or dog or rat or crackwhore shit
Or a murder victim in one of those Die For Me or Helter Skelter books
Or one of those mentally ill kids
Who was tortured in that Staten Island place called Willowbrook
I was a kid in a basement when Geraldo Rivera broke that story
And the images of those kids being tortured in that institution
Stayed with me
And they were so fucking gory
Grateful you got legs to stand on
And a place to pass
Precious days on this earth
That you still got
Your life could end with a bullet in your head
In a parking lot
Or in a cancer ward
Much earlier than you ever thought
Crying the river
Williamsburg Sleeve Tattoo Blues
(And you won't be)
Crying the river
Williamsburg Sleeve Tattoo Blues
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Katy Kerlan was my first kiss.
I was only five years as she hit me with her purse.
I had braces on my legs and I always fell down.
And from that day moving forward I've been petrified of blondes.
Oh Patricia, she was my first love.
She said I hate what's behind me and I couldn't breathe.
I gave her Pink Floyd - Animals when we were in sixth grade.
And it was on her turntable when I met her on Sunday.
Her mom was gone, we were listening to Dogs.
She reached down my pants and discovered I was bald.
And when I touched her down there she was blossoming and soft.
And the next day at school she ignored me in the hall.
Shelly and Amber gave me my first taste.
I went down on them both at Amber's parents' place.
We were drunk as skunks and high on darvon.
And they gave me a bath and I stumbled on home.
Mary Anne was my first fuck.
She slide down between my legs and oh my god she could suck.
I went with her friend first but I couldn't get it in.
And when she caught me with Mary Anne her heart was broken.
Mary Anne got cold and abruptly broke it off for a guy with sweatpants and a pick-up truck.
I begged her not to dump me and I pleaded no.
But her body language told me it was time for me to go.
The guy with the truck picked me up and brought me home.
I sat down at my piano and my spirit was low.
But I pulled myself together and I played a few notes.
Now I was the one who got their heart broke.
I met a girl named Debra, she lived on a canal.
She made me eggs in the morning, she was such a sweet gal.
And we went to Red Lobster and we went to Tangir's.
She had motherly love, she was woman, she cared.
She was a beautiful girl and she had a big heart, but I drifted away because there wasn't that spark.
Oh the complicated mess of sex and love.
When you give that first stinger you're the one who gets stung.
And when you lose control and how good it feels to cum.
You ain't a pimp like a dog getting into someone.
Oh rejection how it hurts so much, when you can't love the one you've been longing to touch.
And there's always something else and it don't feel right.
And you wonder if they're coming together all night.
Get your own trash, the cycle's on and on.
And nobody's right and nobody's wrong.
All her shakes sometimes we were drawn.
It's a complicated place, this planet we're on.
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> looking out on my roof last night
woken up from a dream
i saw a typhoon coming in close
bringing the clouds down to the sea
making the world look gray and alone
taking all light from my view
keeping everyone in
and keeping me here with you
around you now, i can't sleep no more baby
around you still, don't want to leave yet
woken up from a dream last night
somewhere lost in war
i couldn't feel my feet or hands
i didn't feel right anymore
i knew there I'd die alone
with no one to reach to
but an angel came down
and brought me back to you
i'd rather leave this world forever baby
than let life go the way it's going
watching an old fight film last night
Ray Mancini and Duk Koo Kim
the boy from Seoul was hanging on good
but the pounding took to him
and there in the square he lay alone
without face without crown
and the angel who looked upon him
she never came down
you never know what day is gonna pick you baby
out of the air, out of nowhere
come to me once more my love
show me love I've never known
sing to me once more my love
words from your younger years
sing to me once more my love
songs that i love to hear
birds gather 'round my window
fly with everything i love about the day
flowers, blue and gold and orange
rise with everything i love about the day
walk with me down these strange streets
how have we come to be here
so kind are all these people
how have we come to know them
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> How do I live to be a hundred, baby?
To make sure that you grow old with me
And if we grow old, who'll be the one to stay when the other is gone?
And besides us no longer wakes up
Who'll be the one to go on after this bond we share
This beautiful romance together
And live without the other on planet disaster
We shared a few tears, but there's so much more happiness and that's all what matters
Oh, there is smoke up in the sky from the refinery
I can see it from where I recline in my balcony chair
There's a little black and white cat down there
By the picnic table he sees me and I see him
He's unaware to pollution
He's down in the weeds half asleep sniffing from the pollen
For those of you, who can't find love and are unhappy
I send you a ton
Try not to fear human connection
Somebody's out there for you
Just put your phone down
Get outside, start walking
Forget that ghost in the fog, cyber trolling
Find the kind who can share a meal without that look in their eyes that says:
"Can't wait to be (?)"
Who kinda sees the goodness in you
And you can make each other smile
A person who would drop everything
And someone who you loved at
Mh...
On the TV there is some news
A china town shooter was on the loose
They caught him down near (?) and pacific
Hiding out in a place where I occasionally get my hair cut
And the other night when Muhammed Ali died
You arrived there by my side
And I was up, up, up all night
In a state and my stomach was tight
Watching the old film clips of the young and not so young Louisville (?)
Listening to Don Kings spirited insights
And George Foremans thoughts on Muhammed Ali are always a delight
And Kenny Norton ain't around to share no words, though he brake Alis jaw
And Frazier is also gone, but not Leon
Yeah, I wish to talk to Leon Spinks
Ali put em on the map and I'd like to hear what Leon Spinks thinks
Oh, everyday there's more bad news
Around the corner suicide bombers
Planes disappearing in the sea
And past the smoke I also see
The swaying eucalyptus trees
And come August you will see
(?) and full bloom (?)
Life ain't always good but many times it is, folks
Oh, the light pulls in your room
From over the hill and I am gloom
On my bed to your soft couch
But pretty soon I must fly
I won't be back until the end of July
When I gotta go, my hearts get heavy
And it cries
Oh, how I hate these damn goodbyes
But playing music is my life
Food and water and music is what I need to stay alive
This year is gonna find me in Beijing
And Buenos Aires and South Dakota's Rapid City
And Omaha and Tucson and Phoenix
And Pluto and Mars
And Saturn and Venus
But my favorite place to be is with you in my house
Which faces west
You're coming over tonight
It's foggy and cold
I hope the answer is yes
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Come to me my love
One more night
Come on
Cause I don't wanna be without
Without you
In the air tonight
So cold and strange
Winter of loss
When I have changed
She is floating out too soon
So soon
In our room
Inside
With these ones
I want to hide
She is floating out too fast
Too fast
Come to me
My love
One more night
Come on
Cause I just wanna talk with you
Again
Come to me
My love
One more night
Come on
Cause I just wanna hold you close
Again
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Was on a flight home from—well, it doesn't matter
Eleven hours, a million thoughts were gathered
And my mind kept racing to my garden of lavender
I wanted to get to them so they wouldn't die
When I got home, they were dry as weed
While the vines wrapped around them B-horror film green
I'm not sure what my lavender symbolized
But inside my heart cried
And my heart is drawn to the small [?] within
That I can't help but to give my focus and attention and care
Cause they shut off and [?] hijack my brain
Help to tune out what [?] can cause me pain
And I care for the animals that gather 'round my yard
And my sister's children and I care for my garden
I'm swarmed upon by bumblebees
And yellow jackets and wasps and hornets that dart out and sting
I see the big orange tabby cat
Getting warm on the [?]
He turns over on his back
Looking for a belly rub
I see the deer trap
And the snow on the end of the path
That leads into my backyard
I hear the sound of my girlfriend's car
Coming up the driveway and it fills my heart
With joy
Though I know it'll all end someday
And someone else will be sleeping in my mountain house
Wondering who lived here before
Just like I sometimes do
Though I've never really cared to explore
I see the chocolate and peanut butter cat
I look at him and he looks back
I snap my fingers and blow him a kiss
He rubs his head against my hand and we reminisce
I walk downtown and see the Christmas lights
Along the highway and how they shine
And I'm reminded of when I was a child
How happy I felt when I opened the box and saw a guitar inside
Was on a flight to somewhere that I can't remember
I feel like I lived so many lives, I can't put it all together
Dordrecht, Holland, yeah that was it
I had a nice dinner with a concert promoter and his Korean wife, Soo-Young Kim
He dropped me off at an old spooky hotel
I felt like an old man in a castle looking over at the canal
Then I went and I played for a crowd but my heart wasn't there
I came back to my room and I slouched in my bed
Still stewing about my dried up lavender
Then I fell asleep in the dark dead night
And I dreamed of a blue jay digging up a seed
And pass it to another's beak
Watched him soar to another branch
Then a possum [?] trash can
Then I woke up one rainy morning in Dordrecht, Holland
And I got on my flight for London, England
Then I took a cab from Heathrow right to Westfield Mall in Shepherd's Bush
Where I bought a raincoat, then checked into the K West Hotel
And ate at a Polish restaurant down the street
I played the next night at Shepherd's Bush Empire
Neil Halstead and his band were opening, their soundcheck sounded great
As I watched, I remembered playing with Mojave 3 in the mid-'90s
One of the shows being at CMJ in New York
And I remembered seeing them open for Gomez in Madrid in 1998
I was with my girlfriend Marina but I somehow managed to sneak in an unforgettable kiss with Rachel backstage
One of those kisses that you'll take to your grave
Gomez knew I was there, and they played "Grace Cathedral Park" that night and I got pretty choked up listening to them
So anyhow, I played my show at Shepherd's Bush that night and a fan heckled me asking if I really hated Nels Cline
I explained that I didn't, that his name just rhymed with one word or the other
After the show, I left with my agent, Ned, and his wife, and Alicia, and we talked for a bit
And I walked back to the K West with my guitar and got into my bed, called my girlfriend and fell asleep
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> smile down on us sun, show your rays
when things come undone
all animals lead, us to light
when we can't see
stars, saturn and moon, glow for those
who cannot get through
rain fall and voice sound for those of whom
still are not found
gentle moon, find them soon
gentle moon, find them
black sky and black sea, lighten up
when we can't breathe
all dreams escape fire, over worlds
fly but won't tire
slow down on us wind, hold us still
when everything spins
all secrets and lies, let them out
dreams escape fire, they won't tire
dreams escape fire, they won't tire
gentle moon, find them soon
gentle moon, find them soon
all calendars pass, days die off
and hope cannot last
but if love was like stone, then yours was mine
through to my bones
but how can we give back to those
with whom we can't live
when will the flame break
and spare the good people it takes
souls escape fire, they rise higher
souls escape fire, they rise higher
gentle moon, find us soon
gentle moon, find us soon
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Cassius Clay was hated
More than Sonny Liston
Some like KK Downing
More than Glenn Tipton
Some like Jim Nabors
Some Bobby Vinton
I like em all
I put my feet up
On the coffee table
I stay up late watching cable
I like old movies
with Clarke Gable
Just like my dad does
Just like my dad
Did when he was home
Staying up late,
Staying up alone
Just like my dad did
when he was thinking
Oh, how fast the years fly
I know an old woman
Ran a doughnut shop
She worked late serving cops
But then one morning,
Baby, her heart stopped
Place ain't the same no more
Place ain't the same no more
Not without my friend, Eleanor
Place ain't the same no more
Man, how things change
I buried my first victim
When I was nineteen
Went through her bedroom
And the pockets of her jeans
And found her letters
That said so many things
That really hurt me bad
I never breathed
Her name again
But I liked to dream
About what could have been
I never heard her calls again
But I like to dream
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Don't cry, my love, don't cry no more
A crashing sky, a roaring screen
A city drowning, God's black tears
I cannot bear to see
She lay under the midnight moon
Her restless body stirring
Until the magic morning hour
Like poison it succumbs her
Her baby skin, her old black dress
Her hair it twists 'round her necklace
Constricts and chokes like ruthless vines
'Til sleep, she overtakes her
Her room is painted heron blue
Lit by candlelight and chandelier
And from her headboard, perched so high
A million dreams have passed her
Don't cry, my love, don't cry no more
It overwhelms my breaking heart
A minor swell of violins
I cannot bear to hear them
A mother shepherds her young birds
She fills their mouths and warms their souls
'Til they are strong and good to fly
Away from her, alone she'll die
Cradle on quiet old oak limbs
As heaven blue her light fails
A breath of soot into her lungs
A life, a journey's end in one
Don't sing that old sad hymn no more
It resonates inside my soul
It haunts me in my waking dream
I cannot bear to hear it
Don't play those violins no more
Their melancholic overtones
They echo off the floor and walls
I cannot bear to hear them
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> I can live with the sky falling out from above
I can live with your scorn, your sourness, your smug
I can live growing old alone if push comes to shove
But I can't live without my mother's love
I can live flying round at an impossible pace
I can live with the bad etiquette that's falling on this place
I can live with anything you've got to throw in my face
But I can't live without my mother's embrace
My mother is seventy five
She's the closest friend I have in my life
Take her from me, I'll break down and bawl
And wither away like old leaves in the fall
You can be cruel all you want, talk bad on my brothers
Shoot me full of holes and I won't by bothered
Judge me for my ways and my slew of ex-lovers
But don't ever dare say a bad word about my mother
When she's gone I'll miss how slowly she walks
Playing scrabble with the chimes of the grandfather clock
I'll even miss the times that we fought
But mostly I'll miss being able to call her and talk.
I can live without watching the classic old fights
I can live without a lover beside me at night
I can live without what you might call a charmed life
But I can't live without my mother providing her light
My mother is seventy five
One day she won't be here to hear me cry
When the day comes for her to let go
I'll die off like a lemon tree in the snow
When the day comes for her to leave
I won't have the courage to sort through her things
With my sisters and all our memories
I cannot bear all the pain it will bring
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> When I was young my father taught me not to gloat.
If I came home too proud of myself I get wrestled to the floor and choked.
But I forgive him for that.
He was an eighth grade drop out and I was being a brat.
I forgive him, I do.
I know that he loves me and he knows I love him too.
When I was young my father told me, to each his own.
The lady said as she kissed the cow, some like the fiddle,
some like the trombone and I live by that rule.
Your trip is your trip and my trip is my trip too.
Yeah, I'll mind my own business.
Oh, having no rules in my friend here have.
I love my dad. Your kid goes to the private Berkley school with one black kid.
My kid goes to the public school, came home with cracked ribs.
And when my kid's eighteen he'll be out there like I was and probably chasing his dreams.
And when your kid's twenty-two, he'll have an internship at a law firm and hey that's okay too.
When I was five I came home from kindergarten crying cause they sat me next to an albino.
My dad said son everyone's different, you gotta love em all equally.
And then my dad sat me down,
he said you gotta love all people, pink, red, black, or brown.
And then just after dinner he played me the album
They Only Come Out At Night by Edgar Winter.
When I was young my dad taught me the beauty of patience.
We'd go and hang with his friend Billy Brislin all day in his Stubenville basement.
We'd watch wrestling matches on TV and Billy couldn't move cause he was handicapped.
And I learned to shoot the shit,
and how to care for those in need and to show respect.
When I was a kid my dad brought home a guitar he got from Sears.
I took lessons from a neighbor lady but it wasn't going anywhere.
He went and got me a good teacher and in no time at all I was getting better.
I can play just fine.
I still practice a lot but not as much as Nels Cline.
When I was young my dad told me to pay gossip no mind.
When people talk bad on you you gotta flick it off your shoulder like a fly.
Learn to pick your punches, don't get no tussles, dead in ditches.
Life is short young man, get out there and make the best of it while you can.
I ain't trying to say my dad was some kind of a perfect saint.
When something set him off,
I hit the floor quicker than what Mike Tyson did to Ricky Sveen.
I hit the floor so fast, but that was so long ago and we both moved past.
My life is pretty good, I owe it to him.
My dad did the best he could.
I love you dad. 
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> In my hotel where the band is staying
I'm off desert but what I'd give to not get on that plane
Woke to the sound of birds calling and I wanna water the flowers in the garden
And the maid scooting her tray around the echoey hall
I just want to stay in Portugal today, that's all
'Cause when I'm here there's a sense of calm
People living day to day and enjoying the moment
Last night we found a cozy place and we listened to music and we ate steak
And
Then we went and got gelato and we drank iced lattes
And the fans have always shown me love (shown me love)
And so have my friends Vasco, Miguel, and Nadia, and Monica (Nadia and Monica)
I can't complain, I get to visit every year
Last night my driver said my music brought him to tears
[Chorus]
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh
I love Portugal
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh
I love Portugal
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh
I love Portugal
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh
I love Portugal
Was listening to Mahavishnu Orchestra's "Liala's Dance"
As I drifted off into rare afternoon nap
Yesterday, one shot in Minnesota, one in Baton Rouge, and then retaliation in Dallas
Someone shot and killed five cops
And the cops came back and killed that sniper with a robot
But all was peaceful here at the neighborhood of Oporto
Now I'm on my way to Zürich at Gate 35
TAP operator by Swiss Airlines
I miss my quiet day in Oporto, sleeping and listening to the many birds sing
And the shoe store that I wanted to shop in
Was closed and, man, it pissed me off
As we drove by twice on the way to soundcheck and on the way to the hotel from the show that night
I'm gonna return some day, I know it (some day)
Gonna get me a plate of melon and prosciutto and , a cup of coffee, and a bowl of gazpacho (bowl of gazpacho)
The USA can't pull the guns from the trolls of the country I live in
Can't get a grip on gun control
If we're gonna live with a president who's a huge fucking asshole
Then believe me, baby, I'm gonna buy me a home in Portugal
[Chorus]
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh / Where the people don't walk
I love Portugal / They just stroll
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh / Where the people go to bars, relax
I love Portugal / and listen to fado
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh / Where I feel at peace from my
I love Portugal / head to my toe
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh / Particularly I love the city of Oporto
I love Portugal
At the [?], Room 301, in Zurich
The Bern show is cancelled tomorrow night due to violence and a bunch of crazy shit
It's found its way into the venue
I'm not going to sing about it
I'm just gonna read the statement from the promoter to you
"Dear Mark, Dear all at Sun Kil Moon
I have really, really, really bad news. We're deeply afraid but see ourselves in circumstances that unfortunately urge us to have to cancel. The Sun Kil Moon show at Dachstock Reitschule, Bern, the open space in front of our house Reitschule, Bern is causing increasing troubles with violence and sexes. An organized drug dealer and the [?] we decided to shut the place down and its ongoing activities. For a while, at least ten days, or maybe longer and find a way of how to deal with our society's problems erupted in front of our house, creating a rather explosive atmosphere at times in front of our house. We're very sorry that due to this reaction the show with Sun Kil Moon will have to be cancelled. As we're in general enforcing this temporary shutdown, apologies for any inconveniences to you, I know your band just got into town. Of course we're gonna pay full agreed guaranteed fee as well as covering your hotel for 12/7/16. Also tickets will be reimbursed, it can be used to see your show tonight in Zürich. We strongly hope you reschedule your concert in Bern next time your band is touring in Europe. Reitschule remains closed until further notice. Again, my deepest apologies, but it's totally out of my control. Let me know if you need any more info
Sincerely, your promoter at Breathing Hope."
[Chorus]
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh /
I love Portugal
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh / And when I die I want some of my ashes spread there
I love Portugal / and skip the Hail Mary
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh / I'm gonna go back next year and I'm gonna find that same shoe store
I love Portugal
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh / It's gotta be somewhere between the venue and the Fnac bookstore
I love Portugal
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh /
I love Portugal
[Outro]
I love Portugal, I love Portugal, oh, oh
I love Portugal
I love Portugal
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> I watched the film 'The Song Remains the Same'
At the midnight movies when I was a kid
At a Canton, Oh mall with friends
One warm summer weekend
Jimmy Page stood tall on screen
I was mesmerized by everything
The Peter Grant and John Paul Jones dream sequence scenes
The close-up of the mahogany Double SG
And though I loved the sound of the roaring Les Paul
What spoke to me most was 'Rain Song' and 'Bron-Yr-Aur'
And I loved the thunder of Jon Bonham's drums
But even more I like 'No Quarter's Fender Rhodes' hum
I don't know what happened or what anyone did
From my earliest memories I was a very melancholic kid
When anything close to me at all in the world died
To my heart, forever, it would be tied
Like when my friend was thrown from his moped
When some kind of a big truck back-ended him
And when the girl who sat in front of me in remedial
Was killed in an accident one weekend and quickly forgot about at school
And when we got the call that my grandmother passed
The nervous tension I'd been feeling for months broke
And strangely I laughed
Then I went to my bedroom and I laid down
And in my tears and in the heaviness of everything I drowned
Though I kept to myself and for the most part was pretty coy
I once got baited and had to clock some underserving boy
Out on the elementary school playground
I threw a punch that caught him off-guard and knocked him down
And when I walked away the kids were cheering
And though I grinned deep inside, I was hurting
But not nearly as much as I hurt him
He stood up, his glassed broken and his face was red
And i was never a schoolyard bully
It was only one incident
And it has always eaten at me
I was never the young schoolyard bully
And wherever you are, that poor kid, I'm so sorry
And when I grew older I learned to play guitar
While everyone else was throwing around a football
Wearing bright colors the school issued them
Parroting passed down phrases and cheerleading
I got a recording contract in 1992
From there my name, my band and my audience grew
And since that time so much has happened to me
But I discovered I cannot shake melancholy
For 46 years now I cannot break the spell
I'll carry it through my life and probably carry it down
I'll go to my grave with my melancholy
And my ghost will echo my sentiments for all eternity
And now when I watch 'The Song Remains the Same'
The same things speak to me that spoke to me then
Except that now the scenes with Peter Grant and Jon Bonham
Are different when I think of the deaths that fell upon them
I got a friend who lives in the desert outside Santa Fe
I'm going to visit him this Saturday
Between my travels and his divorce and our time not being what it was
It's been 15 years since I last saw him
He's the man who signed me back in 1992
And I'm going to go there and tell him face-to-face - 'thank you'
For discovering my talent so early
For helping me along in this beautiful musical world I was meant to be in
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> You and I must make a pact, we must bring salvation back
Where there is love, I'll be there
I'll reach out my hand to you, I'll have faith in all you do
Just call my name, I'll be there
I'll be there to comfort you
Build my world of dreams around you, and I'm so glad that I found you
I'll be there with a love that's strong
I'll be your strength, and I'll keep holding on
And if you should ever find someone new, I know he'd better be good to you
'Cause if he isn't, I'll be there
I'll be there to protect you, with a love that respects you
Just call my name and I'll be there
Let me fill your heart with laughter
Togetherness is all I'm after
Whenever you need, I'll be there
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Spent the day with my dad and his old friend, Jim Wise.
He's on house arrest and he sits around inside.
We brought him food from Panera Bread, the snoring sun rolled out of bed.
He talked about his ninety Corvette, his warehouse job, and his knee replacement.
Jim Wise mercy killed his wife in a hospital at her bedside.
And he put the gun to his head and it jammed and he didn't die.
He went to trial all summer long and his eyes welled up when he told us about how much she loved the backyard garden and the budding rosebush.
She loved the garden, and its budding rosebush.
Spent the day with my dad, and his friend Jim Wise.
Spent the day with my dad and his old friend, Jim Wise.
He's got a big thick ankle bracelet and he can't go outside.
He's got a long white Amish man's beard and a catheter.
And he'll be headed to Mansfield prison by the end of the year for sure.
His shelves are sticky old ratty boards.
His albums are The Doors and Stevie Nicks.
His kitchen cabinets are full of baked beans.
His TV is sound, words flash across the screen and he stares off into dead air.
Jim Wise killed his wife out of love for her at her bedside.
And then he put the gun to his head but he failed at suicide.
His trial's coming up in the fall and he sighed when we stepped out and we left.
And I pointed out the pretty cardinal perched on the empty birdbath.
The bright red cardinal, the empty birdbath.
Spent today with my dad and his friend Jim Wise.
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Every bird fall weak on lifeless ground
Every eye swelled from tears ever clear
Every seed broken in Spring lived till Fall
All your babies be around to see them growing up
Will you be here with me my love
When the warm sun turns to ash
And the last tide disappear
All darkness near
I kept quiet so you'd think my heart was tough
I never showed you if I loved you enough
The dreams I had yeah I kept but I wouldn't dare
Share with you for fear of things still living in me
Will you be next to me my love
When the cold moon vanishes
And the last cries no yells
For it to hear
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> here she comes breakin through my window
in the early morning hours
for the moment, i am disrupted
but in time she'll make me smile
all the wonderous animals
roamin' round the earth
bring us songs of calm
they do no wrong
they do no wrong
you don't know just how much i miss you
yah my stomach aches in your absence
i don't know what i'd do without you
cause i'd have no one to follow
you are my love
i hold you above
everything and everyone
yeah everyone
everyone
hear outside all the kids are playin
they're my wake up call each day
look at them,
their little lives begining
i have watched them over years
blooming like sweet roses
dryin their wet noses
no thought of the cold
yeah i feel old
i feel old
yesterday we found a hidden passage
and i opened my sleepy eyes
through the trees parrots swept up past us
and the gardens there smelled good
all the pretty houses
decoratively coloured
tonight i want no other
than my own
than my own
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Sitting on the wings of a 747 airplane
Just back from Newtown Connecticut, Cincinnati and Champaign
It was nice hanging out in those cities with some of my friends
Get up on stage and play beautiful music with them
Now I'm looking out the window where Robin Williams died
Passed him once in a car on Thanksgiving day
Was with my girlfriend at the time
Who sadly passed away just before she turned 35
That's when I learned the world's unfair
And that things aren't always right
It fucked me up, and for weeks I couldn't get out of bed
The world don't owe us shit, I learned that real fucking young
And I learned it again
Had to make the best of every day and every moment while you can
Can't seize the beauty in life, cause baby
You don't know when it's gonna end
When I'm feeling overwhelmed and things are stacking up in mind
Her picture's always near me, and I look at it every day of my life
Think about what she would have given to live just another year
To see her baby turn one, and when I think about it
I swallow my tears
Had lunch the other day with my drummer friend named Steve
We talked about music and traveling, and he's always good to see
When you're my friend, I got your back for life
Try to hurt anyone I care about, I might slice you up real nice
I'm housesitting a 14-year-old cat named Pete
My girlfriend's friend is off in Spain and she left him with me
And he lays on my bed and we gaze into each other's eyes
And I fall into that kitty cat spell, all hypnotized
I shared the stage the other night with my friend Will
We sang "Mother's Love" together and it was beautiful
He's got a mind of his own and he's smart as fuck
He's his own man, he's in control of his life
And I respect that much
He's on his way to play a maximum-security prison
And I'm on my way to L.A. to play the Henry Fonda Theatre
To join up once again and play nice music with my friends
Music's a powerful thing, whether played in a theater
Or a state pen
Back home and I had a wonderful time
Felt love from the crowd and I'm pretty sure they felt mine
Saw my friends Ian and Claire and Mitch and Patrick and I gave them all hugs
There was a message from Will saying he was still reeling from "Mother's Love"
My mom's visiting on Sunday with her boyfriend
She's gonna kick my ass in Scrabble over and over again
My whole family's in denial about a sick relative
Just keep working really hard and try not to think about it
Just back from Austin, Texas; Chicago, Illinois; Winnipeg
[?] I saw all my friends down there and we played "I Got You Babe"
And we sang songs about oxen, baby Jesus, shepherds and hay
And I remembered when I was a kid in Ohio on Christmas Day
One time I got a guitar and that was the start of my life
My dad always got me one gift, and I still carry around that shiny fishing knife
Sitting on the wings of a United Airline
Just back from Lincoln, Salt Lake City and Orlando, where I had a good time
Did that one alone with a guitar, and a snare and a tom
Brought a volunteer up to play drums
She said that her day job was a mom
Just back from the doctor where I weighed in at 203
Just turned 48 baby, gotta admit it kinda concerns me
So I'm trying to eat better, walk a few more miles and exercise more
It's the first week of February, 1: 28 AM
It was 12 years ago in San Francisco one night
That I lost my friend
There ain't a day that goes by I don't pause and think about her
I'm getting older baby, but I try to count my blessings
It's a beautiful world
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Micheline used to come to our house and knock on our door.
My dad would answer and say, "What do you want girl?"
and she'd say, "Can I take a bath with Mark?"
My dad would say, "My son ain't here,"
send her home and shut the door and we'd all laugh.
And Micheline would walk down the street
glowing and smiling like she just got Paul McCartney's autograph.
Her brain worked a little slower than the others; she wore thick-rimmed glasses.
She took a different bus to school than other kids and was in different kid of classes.
When she got older a neighborhood thug moved in with her
and started taking her welfare payments.
He took her down to the bank,
helped her withdraw her savings that was put away for her and he went off with it.
The cops caught up with him, he did a little time and cut too many years later.
He's doing life in a Florida penitentiary with his father, both of them for murder.
Micheline, Micheline. Micheline, Micheline. Micheline, Micheline, Micheline.
She wanted love like anyone else.
Micheline, Micheline, Micheline,
She had dreams like anyone else.
My friend Brett, my friend Brett, my friend Brett, my friend Brett, he liked to play the guitar.
But he had an awkward way of playing barre chords
with two fingers spreading his index and middle fingers really far apart.
One day in band practice he dropped like a deer was shot and was flipping around like a fish.
He had an aneurysm triggered by a nerve in his hand from the strain he was putting on it.
I went to see him in Ohio; he had a horseshoe shaped scar on his scalp and he talked real slow.
We played pool like we did in our teens and his head was shaved and he still wore bell-bottomed jeans.
In '99 I was on tour in Sweden when I called home
To tell my mom that I got a part in a movie
when she said "Mark, there's something that you need to know."
"Brett died the other day, you really should send a letter to his mom and dad."
And I got on my train in Malmo
and looked out at the snow feeling somewhere between happy and sad.
My friend Brett, my friend Brett. My friend Brett, my friend Brett.
My friend Brett, my friend Brett, my friend Brett.
He had a wife and a son.
My friend Brett, my friend Brett, my friend Brett.
He just liked to play guitar and he never hurt anyone.
My grandma, my grandma, my grandma, my grandma, my grandma, my grandma.
Before she passed away we'd go and visit her at my aunt's house when I was small.
I couldn't bear the shape she was in so at the top of the driveway I'd sit in the car.
One day I was just fucking around when I put it in reverse and I was free-falling.
I remember the car moving backwards; my heart was beating and I blacked out.
Another car was coming down the street and I totaled them both and I got knocked out.
My grandma, my grandma, my grandma, my grandma, my grandma, my grandma.
First time I met her, she lived in L.A.; I think it was Huntington Park.
I made friends with a kid named Marceau and another kid named Cyrus Hunt.
We'd go downtown and get ice cream and feed french fries to the pigeons
and talk to the handicapped vets from Vietnam.
It was the first time I saw a hummingbird, a palm tree, or a lizard.
Or saw an ocean, or heard David Bowie's "Young Americans"
and I saw the movie "Benji" in theaters.
My grandma, my grandma. My grandma, my grandma.
My grandma, my grandma, my grandma.
I heard she had a pretty hard life.
But after her first husband passed away
she met a man from California and he treated her really nice.
My grandma, my grandma. My grandma, my grandma.
My grandma, my grandma, my grandma.
My grandma was diagnosed at 62.
Her kids stepped up to the plate for her and were there the whole way through.
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Salvador Sanchez
Arrived and vanished
Only twenty-three with so much speed
Owning the highway
Mexico City
Bred so many
But none quite like him, sweet warrior
Pure magic matador
Pancho Villa
Would never rest
'Til 1925, he closed his eyes
'Til Manila stars would rise
Gozo of the Phillipines
Choirs and angels sing
Ukelele strings play for his legend
Italy had a king
How have they gone?
Fell by leather
All alone
All bound together
Benny "Kid" Paret
Came a good way
Climbed to the gray skies to lift his hands
Stopped by the better man
Eyes of Los Rios
Cry for sons
Lost on distant shores, unforeseen horrors
Struck and delivered him
How have they gone?
Fell by leather
All alone
All bound together
How have they gone?
Fell by leather
All alone
All bound together
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Walking to my girlfriend's in Telegraph with a hand full of roses
Stopped through a corner store, on the TV a Philadelphia cop shot by ISIS
30, 000 people murdered in the USA in 2015
And when I go in the studio later today we're gonna put up a mic and about this I might sing
See I don't give a fuck about things like who's the best or the worst on Twitter
And the other social media, money-making scheme turning you into a zombie
Jerking you off, masturbator, procrastinator
While the kids in Silicon Valley take your money and say, "Can we get the check, waiter?"
While they bulldoze your favorite building in town and turn it into a fucking fruit shake maker
You got the brains to be the next Norman Mailer
You got the longevity to be the next Elizabeth Taylor
You got the class to be the next James fucking Spader
You got the swagger to be the next Stiv fucking Bator
But are you sitting on the toilet staring at your phone like a perfectly tailored, made-to-order puppet
I ain't no one's puppet, I ain't no one's puppet, I ain't no one's puppet, I ain't no one's puppet
I ain't no one's fucking puppet, I ain't no one's fucking puppet, I ain't no one's fucking puppet, I ain't no one's fucking puppet
Okay, so here I am, back home
I'm gonna read another chapter of this book, Beatlebone
The part so far that's made me the most smile is the page that has multiple uses, uses of the word "wily"
That's me, a wily motherfucker
Come to Massillon and that's what you get, sucker
Gimme a one out of five, a big fat ten
Give me a two, either way it's all after me
And to all of you I say:
"Oh my god, you're a music journalist! Do you get to go to SXSW?"
"Yeah, pretty much every year. I mean, the magazine I work for sends me out there."
"Oh my god, that sounds like such a blast."
"Yeah, it's a lot of fun. I mean, it's super hard to get into VIP-after-show parties but, I don't know, maybe if you tag along I might be able to get you in."
"Oh my god, you get to meet the bands?"
"Yeah, totally. I'm friends with Jim James, Dr. John Misty, a bunch of people. [notification sound] Hold on a second, Sufjan Stevens just texted me right now."
"Oh, no way. I love him. So do you get to wear laminate?"
"Yeah, I mean it makes me feel a little self-conscious but, you know, you sort have to, you know, get into certain shows."
"Oh my god, that's so cool!"
Let me ask you: do you own your own story
Being pimped the fuck out like a pay for a hoe
If you're a man in charge, cling with staunch feminists and give a woman your job or shut the fuck up
"Queen Bitch" is a cool David Bowie song
And so is "Rebel Rebel" and "Diamond Dogs"
Can you hear me to talking to you, Major Tom?
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
Should my girl be knocking
When we see each other everything's stopping
Yes who my girl be knocking
When we see each other everything'll be stopping
Oh, how I love her
Oh, how I love her
I'm watching Cocaine Cowboys Part Three
Girlfriend will be here at 7: 00 then we're gonna go see a movie
Next week, got me a show in LA
Just had a nice dinner at the Elite Cafe
Walk to the movie and decide to skip our plan
Came back, turned on the TV, and watch The Falcon and the Snowman
All the way to the end, where they're walking side by side
Ankle chains in prison
And we watched a show on the Mongols with Lisa Ling hosting
Then we watched some shit about Satanists
Taking over Detroit
I gotta say, Detroit being taken over by Satanists was pretty soft stuff
Now it's 3: 03 AM and the rain is pouring down
When I wake in the morning all I care about is that you're around
Now it's 3: 04 AM and the rain is pouring down
When you're beside me, that's all I care about
Oh, how I love you
Oh, how I love you
Woke up, went to the studio
Came back and turned on the CNN
David Bowie had died, there's a picture of El Chapo shaking hands with Sean Penn
Goddamn, like I said, we watched The Falcon and the Snowman the night before
With Sean Penn and Timothy Hutton
Bowie song played while the falcon soared
This isn't America, oh
This isn't America, oh
I woke up again, went to the studio and I
I tuck myself away
I sang a song in honor of my father
And I sang Roy Harper's "Another Day"
The piano, just like the nylon string guitar
It makes me sleepy
And I find myself in bed early for me, about 11: 30
Bowie's face kept repeating over, and over, and over, and over again
A video of one of my earliest heroes laying in a hospital bed
And more and more, Sean Penn shaking hands with El Chapo
That motherfucker killed ten times more people than Jim Fucking Jones
That motherfucker killed more people than that
Plus Waco
That motherfucker killed more people than that crazy fuck did on the Norwegian island Utøya and Oslo
Go back to the other part now
Go back to the other part now
As I probably took 5: 00 AM, talk to a friend
Who'd met Bowie back in '97
The Bowie's fiftieth birthday celebration in Madison Square Garden
My first listen was during the summer between the second and third grade
I flew to see my grandma and my stepgrandfather down in LA
I played the song "Young Americans" over and over and over on the airplane
The song chugged along like a train, the backup singers wailed
And the saxophone sang
I'm in Room 214, Normandie hotel, Koreatown, Los Angeles
Me and my band played last night, we played David Bowie's "Win"
I think we did it justice
And I talked briefly about the first time that I heard his soulful voice on that flight
I was among my friends and my fans and I got to sing
It was a really nice night
"Young Americans"
"Win"
"Fascination"
"Right"
"Can You Hear Me"
"Across the Universe"
"Fame"
Somebody up there likes me
And he was up on the eleventh floor
Watching the cruisers below
David Bowie was original and that's the part that spoke to me the most
Ooh, alright
Ooh
Ooh, alright
Ooh
Just back from a play starring Rainn Wilson
Thom Pain (Thom Pain)
He pulled it off brilliantly and tomorrow I'm getting on a plane (getting on a plane)
Now I'm back at home, reading Beatlebone
6: 29 AM (6: 29 AM)
A work of fiction sorta based on John Lennon
Running from fame (running from fame)
But now I'm at home, stayed up late
Waiting for Deontay Wilder to fight (Deontay Wilder to fight)
I was so tired from the show and the construction at the hotel that started when it got late (when it got late)
Now it's 3: 08 PM, January 17th (January 17th)
It's Muhammad Ali's birthday and I'm gonna watch When We Were Kings (When We Were Kings)
Now it's late, January 19th
Glenn Frey died, so did Lemmy
It happens in threes (it happens in threes)
But more gonna die this year, it's around the corner
You'll see (you'll see)
And I stayed up late that night, locking night out
Working like a worker bee (working like a worker bee)
Then when day [?] I watched the Marlon Brando documentary
And it's 4: 36 AM
And the rain is pouring
And tomorrow, like always
I'm gonna be recording
And it's 4: 37 AM and the rain is pouring
Tomorrow's gonna be another fantastic voyage
And it's 4: 37 AM and the rain is pouring
And tomorrow's gonna be another fantastic voyage
Oh, how I love you
Oh, how I love you
Oh, how I love you
Oh, how I love you
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> I was a Junior in high school when I turned the TV on.
James Huberty went to a restaurant, shot everyone up with a machine gun.
It was from my hometown.
We talked about it til the sun went down.
Then everybody got up and stretched and yawned and then our lives went on.
And I just left Safeway, when I walked through my doorway.
When a guy took a bullet to an island and shot up a bunch of little kids up in Norway.
Called a few of my friends round here, but no one much really cared.
But I did, because I've got a lot of friends there.
I just arrived in Seoul, by way of Beijing.
I had an hour to myself in my hotel when I turned on the TV.
It was quite a thriller, CNN was recording the bat man killer.
His eyes were glazed like he was from Mars.
Yesterday he was no one, today he was a star.
I was down in New Orleans, at the model o.
Enjoying some time all to myself when I turned the TV on.
There were shootings in a Portland mall.
It was everyday America and that's all.
It was just another one walked down Royal Street, the rest of the world was out having fun.
December fourteenth, another killing went down.
I got a letter from a fan he said Mark say a prayer for Newtown.
I ain't one to pray, but I'm one to sing and play for women and children and moms and dads and brothers and sisters and uncles and aunts.
December twenty-fifth, and I was just laying down.
I picked up a pen, I wrote a letter to the guy in Newtown.
I said I'm sorry bout the killings, and the teachers who lost their lives.
I felt it coming on, I felt it in my bones and I don't know why.
So when Christmas comes and you're out running around.
Take a moment to pause and think of the kids that died in Newtown.
They went so young, who gave their lives.
To make us stop and think and try to get it right.
Were so young, a cloud so dark over them.
And they left home, gave their mom and dad a kiss and a hug.
So when your birthday comes and you're feeling pretty good, bake a cake for an orphan and stuff your mouth with food.
Check it off for the children who lost their lives.
Think of their families and how they mourn and cry.
When you're gonna get married and you're out shopping around, take a moment to think about the families that lost so much in Newtown.
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Richard Ramirez died today of natural causes
Got amped up on speed and broke into houses
Bunch of people of that wrote shit on the stand
His last murder was south of San Francisco
A guy named Peter Pan from the town
The little girl on the lawn was his first
And the took a dark palmer
His last days were at a hotel
a nice stalker
Door member we set just like the mars
In a key and a dark.
Cried today from Boston to'
Got a dozen families gotta do some digging
Boston relative and they see me all
Make a little long
I need a little more
Richard Ramirez died today of natural causes
These thing mark time and they cause pauses
Think about the kids scared to death on the window
What's under the bed and what's under the door
And the John's massacre got in our heads
And the TV, I was president
And the around Oregon
While I'm there I'm gonna stroll through the old neighborhood
Rich Stan Mayer still lives with his mom
When he's not in jail from innocent stalking
Writing bad checks and cocaine charges
More than that took you with a smile
We always sat on this porch passing the time
And drinking a beer and smoking a pack
Till one day poor ma caught a heart attack
The good jobs electrician
Sister of Mary the poor shark Jean Avery
My next door neighbors whom I love so
Love me too but they passed long ago
And if you walk just a few lock down stall
There's a house as scary as all
A cute little palm with a sign for sale
Those Sexton kids hot as hell
And I'm telling the truth and if you don't believe
Pick up the cofield stars and secrets
Had to fly from Cleveland but what's that for?
Got 3 months off to my next show
Gonna spend time with my girl
Make a record fix my kitchen
I have my change so rapidly
They came to the studio to work on some grit
And I saw the news on James
While I was eating Ramen and drinking green tea
The supreme guy died at 51
That's the same age as the guy
Who's coming to play drums
So don't lie your kids no disturb
Have to repeat 50 times a day is bad enough
Got a naked prostate and I got a bad back
When I fall too much
I feel like I'm gonna have a heart attack
This all the head blinds and they're like crashing
And I met her at a barbeque
Santa Philly
And everybody's drunk and feeling pretty well
Richard Ramirez died but in 83
He was very much alive he's as scary as could be
And in the band he had pentagrams
And everybody remember the paranoia
When he stocked us up in Southern California
And everybody will remember where they were
When they finally found the stalker
And I remember just where I was
When Richard Ramirez died of natural cause
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Salvador Sanchez arrived and vanished
Only twenty-three with so much speed
Owning the highway
Mexico City bred so many
But none quite like him sweet warrior
Pure magic matador
Pancho Villa would never rest
'Til 1925 he closed his eyes
'Til Manilla stars would rise
Gozo of the Phillipines, choirs and angels sing
Ukelele strings play for his legend
Italy had a king
How have they gone
Fell by leather
So alone
Bound together
Benny "kid" Paret came a good way
Climbed to the grey sky to raise his hands
Stopped by the better man
Eyes of Los Rios cry for suns
Lost on distant shores, unforeseen horrors
Struck and delivered him
How have they gone
Fell by leather
So alone
Bound together
Why have they gone
Fell by leather
So alone
All bound together
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song
8: 02 AM, April 25th, 2016, New York
Everything went fine at Sarah Lawrence College
While I was on stage I asked the kids to educate me on what exactly it is that they study there
A person shouted:
"We do whatever the hell we want"
I replied, "Well, that's what I've been doing all my life."
I asked what their parents payed for them to do whatever the hell they want and a girl in the front row said:
"$60, 000 a year"
I said, "Well, that's what Walmart pays me to use my music in commercials and that maybe I could go to their school one day too 'cause they all seem like really nice people."
I explained that Kirk Hammett from Metallica went to college after Metallica made it, which was met with a thud
A nice girl named Sophie played piano on a few songs with us because my mic couldn't reach the piano
She played the four notes on "Richard Ramirez..." and "Carry Me Ohio" really, really, well
That was a lot of fun
We also played "When Doves Cry" in honor of Prince, who died the night before
Steve Shelley played drums with me that night, by the way
What a great drummer
Steve's also a really nice guy
Great acoustics in the room and the show went really well
And we got out of there by midnight
What a cool group of kids and a nice promoter named Max
It was the first show he ever promoted and he gave me a check in an envelope, which I actually didn't open until just now here in my New York hotel three nights after the gig
This is what his note said:
"Dear Mark, first of all thank you so much for playing Sarah Lawrence College. Even though we have a really small school and don't get much attention, we have a really lot of passionate kids. I know every single one of them is thrilled to have you come. Your music means so much to so many. I first heard your music when I was searching songs about Los Angeles
For a project in high school. I was fifteen or sixteen, and I came across "Cruiser" and it changed everything for me. It was the music I had been searching for for a long time. Some people say your music makes them sad and that you make sad music. I don't know, I guess I disagree. Your music was and is a comfort to me. I feel a sort of a connection to it that is less a melancholic thing but more a reassuring thing.
I was taking a seven-hour train across the state of New York. I listened to the entirety of Benji and Red House Painters I back-to-back. I thought of a lot of things when I listened to those records. And somehow it brought me ease to know someone that was thinking some of those same things. It was calming and even though I'm writing this letter before you even take the stage, I know the scene you perform tonight will be one of my most enjoyable moments. So thank you again so much for coming, I hope you had a nice time.
And I hope this letter finds you well. Looking forward to the next record, the Jesu/Sun Kil Moon LP was great. And hopefully I can see you again on November 10th in Brooklyn. Best wishes and thanks again
Max"
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College song, this is my
Sarah Lawrence College
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Instru
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Won herself a pass to some far off moon
It was second class but what's to lose
And looking out her window she could more than assume
That you can't see air or time
She's the only rocketeer in the whole damn place
They gave her a mirror so she could talk to a face
She still got plenty lonely but that's just the case
With time, time, time
Started hearing voices sometime in June
Knew she could go crazy but not that soon
Now she doesn't feel lonely but she'd just as soon
Try, try, try
Man shot to the moon
I read a paperback and I want to come home soon
I'm shot to the moon
Been there a half an hour and I want to come home soon
Soon, soon, soon
Man shot to the moon
I read a paperback and I want to come home soon
I'm shot to the moon
Been there a half an hour and I want to come home soon
I'm shot to the moon
I read a paperback and I want to come home soon
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> Yesterday, I was working in my yard when I saw a possum
Swinging in the foothills and he was all beat up and hobbling
I got a closer look and his foot was mangled
I was woken up earlier by what I thought was the cat tangled
But it was him who got it bad from the cat that night
Slowly down the hill when he slipped under the fence
I brought myself up to check him out; he found the milk under the air conditioner
I pointed him out to Caroline, she crouched down and he was shaking and full of fear
And when she stood up, I asked, "Baby, why you crying?"
She said, "Because he's cute and he's down there and he's dying"
I went up to my room and I got a call from Justin
He was in San Francisco and Godflesh was playing
Caroline drove me halfway there where I met Tony
And we drove to the city and we parked out in front of the DNA
Justin and us, we had some laughs and we took photographs backstage
And our guts were protruding and all of them and we just kept laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing
Laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing
Laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing
Laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing and laughing
And when Godflesh took the stage, Tony and I, we stood there floored
Drum machines hammered and feedback blazed
For a moment, everybody grew silent
While Justin tuned his guitar; like a church, it got so quiet
Just for a minute, and then they all soared together
Like a car off a cliff, we crashed and burned over and over and again and again
They threw hard vicious guttural B-flats
Justin runs to the mic like a hungry grey white
He was on fire, giving it everything he had and killing it that night!
Tearing out his prey and it came to a screeching halt
A relentless and beautiful voice, a 70 minute assault
And then he bowed down and he set his seven string electric guitar down
And screeched to holy hell and they disappeared and off went the crowd
Then we had pizza and I came back to my apartment in the city
Until 4AM, I watched movies and my ears were ringing
And I called Caroline out at the house
We talked about the concert, about the possum down in the nook
And the ocean air came through my window
And the sound of foghorns, and then when I woke
Godflesh was down in LA
Tony had an open house that day
And I looked out at Sausalito
And Caroline was on her way back from Lake Town
I got a call from Paolo Sorrentino
I'd be off to Switzerland in a week or so
Caroline came home that night and we had dinner and watched HBO
And I'm grateful for her love and for my friends
And to have seen the possum walk its last walk along the island
I want to grow old and to walk my last walk
Knowing that I, too, gave it everything I got
But again it's all roadblocks and all obstacles I fought
For to live another day is much better than to not
And I'd like to die with music in my ears
The piano of Maurice Ravel or Godflesh's guttural growls from hell
The sound that evokes good memories of being young and able to get around
And I'd like Caroline beside me
That old possum lost the fight
His sad, black eyes; what a thing to see on a glowing Easter Sunday
But that rodent was loved and he's still thought of
Church bells rang that day
I remember hearing them in the afternoon just as we left
He had to have heard them too
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> We're goin' down the road towards tiny cities made of ashes
Gonna hit you on the face gonna punch you in your
glasses. Oh no!
Just got a message said "Yeah hell is freezin' over"
I Got a phone call from the Lord sayin' "boy go get a
sweater. Right now"
So we're drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' coca-coca-cola
I can feel it rollin' right on down
Right on down my throat
As we're headed down the road towards tiny cities
made of ashes
Gonna get dressed up in plastic gonna shake hands
with the masses. Oh no!
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away
Does anybody know a way
Were goin' down the road towards tiny cities made of ashes
Gonna hit you on the face goin' to punch you in your
glasses. Oh no!
I'm wearin' a t-shirt that says "The world is my ashtray"
Our hearts pump dust and our hairs all grey
Just got a message sayin' yeah hell has frozen over
Got a phone call from the Lord sayin' "boy go get a
sweater. Right now!"
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away
Does anybody know a way
Were drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' coca-coca-cola cola!
I can feel it rollin' right on down oh right on down my throat
And as we're headed down the road towards tiny cities
made of ashes
I'm gonna lay down in the baths where they coat you
in molasses. Oh no!
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away
Does anybody know a way
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> My uncle died in a fire on his birthday.
Redneck that he was, burning trash in the yard one day.
On the pile he threw an aerosol can of spray.
And that's how he died in the fire that day.
Before he retired he was a truck driver.
He'd be gone through the winters and all through the summers.
In the winters us kids would order Dominoes and watch Happy Days.
And in the summer we get frogs at the pond and fry up their legs.
My aunt still lives there out in Ohio.
I visit her and the autumn air, she makes me smile.
We remember the story of when I was young.
Getting stung by a hornet, she caressed my foot, rubbed bacon and powder on it.
I was probably five at their home in Nevarn.
My cousin's friend was in the yard playing guitar.
We all gathered round, listened to her play and sing.
And I fell into a trance and knew that one day I'd do the same thing.
My uncle died in a fire on his birthday.
Out by the barn in his old collection of cars.
Third degree burns, a charred up shovel near his hand.
My uncle died a respected man.
I flew out there, I went to his funeral.
It was stormy that day, the sky was deep purple.
And babies were crying, Kentucky Fried Chicken was served.
And that's how he would have wanted it I'm sure.
And after the funeral out there in Nevarn, they all gathered round when I picked up a guitar.
They fell into a trance as I sang and I played.
And outside the frost grew and the mantises prayed and prayed.
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> This is my vague rock song
Everybody sing along
This is my vague rock song
Everybody sing along
This is my vague rock song
Everybody sing along
This is my vague rock song
Everybody's gotta have one
This is my vague rock song
Everybody sing along
This is my vague rock song
Everybody's gotta have one
This is my vague rock song
Everybody sing along
Sounds like a little like Biz Markie
Or Cypress Hill with a little bit of me
Come on now, everybody dance
Come on now, everybody dance
Come on now, everybody dance
Come on now, everybody dance
Come on now, everybody dance
Come on now, everybody dance
Come on now, everybody dance
Come on now, everybody dance
Watch out right here
You weren't expecting this
Frank Zappa part
This little part's gonna be good, this little part's gonna be good
Let's go to Africa
Rumble in the jungle
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
Ali, boma ye
I hope you like my vague rock song
And that you aren't too terribly bummed
I hope you like this vague rock song
I feel it's one that you can hum
And the words are not too many or too fast
I feel it's something that everyone can grasp
You gotta have a vague rock song
In your catalog that everyone can sing along
Come on now, everybody dance (Come on)
Come on now, everybody dance (Come on)
Come on now, everybody dance (Come on)
Come on now, everybody dance (Come on)
Come on now, everybody dance (Come on)
Come on now, everybody dance (Come on)
Come on now, everybody dance (Come on)
Come on now, everybody dance
Went on a walk today
Stopped at the gym and I lifted some weights
I'm middle-aged and feeling out of shape
Don't wanna look like a California raisin
It's the natural evolution of life
Gotta lay off bread, pasta, and white rice
Gotta get outta bed sometime and break a sweat
Doc says I need to diet and a steady exercise regiment
On the way to the studio I stop into a store
The woman was staring at a TV that was blaring
I said, "Damn, what's going on?"
She said, "A chlorine attack in Syria. People are hospitalized and four of them are gone."
Then a homeless guy came in begging her for food
He said, "It's hot out here. I'm not a thief. Please, ma'am, can you give me something cool?"
She stepped away from the cash register
I walked over to the refrigerator
She said, "Okay, please pick an ice cream, sir."
He said, "Thank you, ma'am," and carefully selected a mint-flavored Klondike bar
I said, "That was nice of you. Where are you from?"
She said, "Syria
And that's why the glum look on my face"
All of a sudden the world got gray
So quit dancing for at least today
One minute there's life and love
Next minute, red valleys of blood
All of a sudden the world got gray
So quit dancing for at least today
One minute there's life and love
Next minute, red valleys of blood
So there goes my vague rock song
I really tried but there's wars going on
And Syrian grocery clerks with sad looks in their eyes
Having interactions with homeless guys
So there goes my vague rock song
You no longer need to sing along
Try to do something nice today
Send your a lover a nice bouquet
Of flowers and say "I love you"
Though I gave it my best try
I learned that I'm not a vague rock guy
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> We were on up stage, I heard a classic drum fill
Blasting a hundred decibels over the hill
It was getting pretty vile, I asked who it was
A guy in a raincoat shouted back, "They're called 'War On Drugs!'"
It sounded like basic John Fogerty rock
I said, "This next song's called 'The War On Drugs Can Suck My Cock'"
Suck my cock, War On Drugs
Suck my cock, War On Drugs
Suck my cock, War On Drugs
Suck my cock, War On Drugs
Suck my cock, War On Drugs
Suck my cock, War On Drugs
Suck my cock, War On Drugs
Suck my cock
We were playing a show down in Chapel Hill
To a bunch of drunk hillbillies and it swelled like swill
The microphones didn't work, the staff couldn't give a fuck
The crowd was getting out of hand and I told them all to shut the fuck up
All you rednecks, shut the fuck up
All you rednecks, shut the fuck up
All you rednecks, shut the fuck up
All you rednecks, shut the fuck up
All you rednecks, shut the fuck up
All you rednecks, shut the fuck up
All you rednecks, shut the fuck up
All you rednecks, shut the fuck up
Someone got offended and wrote a piece of crap
Some spoiled bitch, rich kid, blogger brat
And posted some graffiti done by some half-wit
Who thought my actual name was 'Sun Kil Moon', what a dumb shit
Sun Kil Moon, go fuck yourself
Sun Kil Moon, go fuck yourself
Sun Kil Moon, go fuck yourself
Sun Kil Moon, go fuck yourself
Sun Kil Moon, go fuck yourself
Sun Kil Moon, go fuck yourself
Sun Kil Moon, go fuck yourself
Sun Kil Moon, go fuck yourself
I met War On Drugs tonight and they're pretty nice
But their hair's long and greasy, hope they don't have lice
I heard them do their soundcheck; next to The Byrds
They're definitely the whitest band I've ever fucking heard
The whitest band I've ever heard is War On Drugs
The whitest band I've ever heard is War On Drugs
The whitest band I've ever heard is War On Drugs
The whitest band I've ever heard is War On Drugs
The whitest band I've ever heard is War On Drugs
The whitest band I've ever heard is War On Drugs
The whitest band I've ever heard is War On Drugs
The whitest band I've ever heard is War On Drugs
"Then there's more!"
Playing the Fillmore tonight and it's sold out
Bridge and tunnel people are people, too, this is their big night out
Smoke a joint with their buddies on their way in their cars
They're going to rock out tonight to some beer commercial lead guitar
Bridge and tunnel people love 'em some War On Drugs
Bridge and tunnel people love 'em some War On Drugs
Bridge and tunnel people love 'em some War On Drugs
Bridge and tunnel people love 'em some War On Drugs
Bridge and tunnel people love 'em some War On Drugs
Bridge and tunnel people love 'em some War On Drugs
Bridge and tunnel people love 'em some War On Drugs
Bridge and tunnel people love 'em some—
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, beer commercial rock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, beer commercial rock
War On Drugs loves Fleetwood Mac
War On Drugs loves Mellencamp
War On Drugs, let's give 'em a cheer
War On Drugs made three albums, took 'em nine fucking years!
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
War On Drugs, suck my cock
"Guess it's gonna just fade out..."
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART>  <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> My friend Theresa, she's been in a lot of pain
Was there recently, had took up all the space in my brain
She lives there, by a cornfield
So was it the spray or was it the medication she took to get herself through her day
We got into her car and we drove around
The Ohio roads that were flooded with rain on the ground
We got into a car and we drove around
"Teaser and the Firecat" and "Tea For the Tillerman" were in the background
When I was a kid, I kept toads and garter snakes
In the window well and they drowned when it rained
Before the snow came down in the winter
I dug a hole for my box turtle
He'd hibernate until Spring I'd come and get him
And I took her picture near a red fire hydrant near an old barn
And then we ate at Eadie's Fish House in North Canton
And that night we watched Jimmy Buffet on Jimmy Fallon
And I went to sleep on her couch while she walked off to her bedroom
And I kissed her goodnight
And I looked at her tired eyes
With a sort of grace I walked to the toilet to cry
Because I remember when we were just young
Just young, young little kids
Before the heaviness of life took over every fucking thing
Because I remember when we were just young
Young, young little kids
Playing the Ouija board on a yellow card table in her mother's basement
And when I'm walking down the Ohio roads
I remember all the turtles and snakes and the frogs and the toads
And all the ponds and lakes, the records and 8-track tapes
I loved Emerson Lake and Palmer's Brain Salad Surgery but Eric Clapton's Slowhand gave me a fucking headache
And as I walk around the block that you live on
I see poetry in every inch of it
I see lightning bugs flicker at dusk
In the overgrown weeds at house being foreclosed on
And I walk over to the church at the intersection
Fluorescent blue painted handicapped parking spaces
And at the side of the road I see a dead groundhog laying on his back
And I walk over to him and there's another groundhog nearby in the weeds
Breathing fast like he's having a panic attack
My friend Theresa she's been in so much pain
When I visit her, I do my best not to bitch or complain
So I goof around and I like to tell her dumb jokes
But underneath it all I've got a gnawing fear deep in my bones
Because someone I love is so sick and so tired and weak
I want to make her laugh because everything's been so goddamn fucking bleak
But I'm here to give her my love when and while I can
Because I gotta go back to work like any other working man
And I went out tonight and I got her Kraus' pizza
Anything I could do for my beloved friend Theresa
And I got her a brand new bed cause her back's so fucking bad
I went to a department store and picked it out with my dad
I love you, love you, love you, love you Theresa
And I'm really sorry that I gotta leave you
I always knew you wanted to play and sing
I always knew you'd leave Ohio and cross a bunch of oceans and seas
But there is no sound I love more or that is more healing
Then when I close my eyes and you sing personally to my kids and me
And as I walk around the block you live on
It smells so much like our childhood
It smells so much like our old neighborhood
I remember when I first heard Led Zeppelin's "Tea For One"
Laying by my bedroom window on Valium soaking up the warm afternoon sun rays
And in those minutes, hours, I was totally content
And I'll take that memory to my grave as one of my happiest moments
And I remember you swimming at Turkeyfoot
Me and my dad were up in his fishing boat
Tossing our lines out onto the lake
With the minnow bucket hanging by a stringer off the edge of the boat
And I remember watching the bobbers and waiting for a bass to take the bait
And I remember your big happy smile
While you were wading out there in the water
And that smile still graces your face
And the faces of your beautiful young daughters
 <SONGEND> 

 <SONGSTART> On cold November days, don't like to stray in the park
Or even leave my bed, or put down my guitar
Or leave my master bedroom, with it's view
Overlooking the mountains
On dark December days, I think of all my friends
from Washington to Maine, New York to Sweden
And how we've all grown closer, with years
Or how we've grown apart
Icicles fall from my roof, burning stove pires of fire
Will we meet again, and grow (?)
Or grow apart (?)
On January days, I walk into the town
Once or twice a day, some peace out here I've found
My clothes are wet with rain and mountain mist
Oh how I love the quiet
When February days, I've gone another year
Chasing perfect poems and trying them in your ear
But I'm losing the will to chase them anymore
Across those lonesome oceans
Running deer stops at a fence, sniffing at the flower in absence (?)
Will we meet again and grow (?)
or grow apart (?)
Old lonesome habit, my mountain home
don't try to wake me, I'll sleep here alone
I'll shut out my friends, shut off the phone
Late at night, I hear the echoes of young love
I walk downtown, saw her again
There on the corner, laughing with friends
The cool mountain air, against her pink skin
I walked on, aching with memories of young love
Youth walk by, hand in hand
And there on the porch, sits an old man
His back is tight, splintered eave
And plain in his eyes, he envies the beauty of young love
 <SONGEND> 

